No, I have to find something to execute
Oh no.
When others travel, they are all popular and spicy to be the queen
How do I go through
But it became everyone's shout
The angry concubine who can't get hurt?
Did you just cross over?
Are you going to bleed to death?
At least give me some white medicine worth the money
Isn't this what my lab looks like?
This is the legendary space teleportation
Ah!
Try again.
I want
Iodophor in the drawer
gauze
And the cephalosporin antipyretics on the table
I'll go.
Brother Huo is going to be killed by you
You're still squeaking to yourself with your face here
Brother Huo
Killed by me
Why do you want to play dumb?
OK
stand up
I'll take you to see it clearly
Let you clearly accompany Brother Huo to the funeral